Environmental Variable Configuration
====================================

 

Code stored in folder **preamble** is used for creating configuration files that
will be loaded in the following programs. Currently, the folder architecture in
this folder is like the following below:

 

**./preamble**

-   configuration.ini

-   Windows (folder)

    -   ConfigurationFileGeneration\_cpp (folder)

    -   ConfigurationFileGenration.exe

    -   dev\_run.bat

    -   kunqiao\_run.bat

<https://monetizejs.com/authorize?client_id=ESTHdCYOi18iLhhO&summary=true>

The file configuration.ini was generated by running DRIVER\_ID\_run.bat. The
DRIVER\_ID\_run.bat should be put together with file
'**ConfigurationFileGeneration.exe**'.

>   **Note:** The .bat program will generate the .ini file in the same folder as
>   where the .bat file is. However the following program will only try to read
>   the file in the Path **'./preamble/configuration.ini'**, so please remember
>   to copy the new generated configuration file where is, for example, in the
>   Path **'./preamble/Windows/configuration.ini'**  to the Path
>   **'./preamble/configuration.ini'.**

 

The subfolder **'ConfigurationFileGeneration\_cpp'** store the source data for
the program **'ConfigurationFileGeneration.exe'** , user can change the source
code to modify the configuration file generation program.

 

To generate the configuration file, user need to write/modify the .bat file in
the correct format. The .bat file can be edited using notepad and other software
(e.g. Sublime). In the .bat file, please make sure the text is in the following
format:

ConfigurationFileGeneartion.exe **-home** ROOT\_PATH\_OF\_PROJECT\_PROGRAM -data
ROOT\_PATH\_OF\_DATASET -output ROOT\_PATH\_OF\_PROGRAM\_OUTPUT\_FOLDER -driver
DRIVER\_ID

example:

ConfigurationFileGeneartion.exe -home
D:/Developer/Github/Lane\_Change\_Prediction -data
D:/Cloud/CloudStation/\@laboratory/Dataset/dataset\_Lane\_Change\_Prediction
-output D:/temp/Output/output\_Lane\_Change\_Prediction -driver ID13\_dev

 

>   **Note:**

>   1. There is no **return** character in the text above.

>   2. Currently, there are only two driver ID used in this program.**
>   ID13\_dev** and** ID8\_kunqiao**. User can use their own driver data, but
>   please make sure the dataset folder of the user is the same as the
>   Driver\_ID. For exmaple: if user store Driver\_1's data in the folder
>   'ID1\_A', then the DRIVER\_ID in the .bat file should be also 'ID1\_A'.
